Ravimotha patch 2 (#5601)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: sustainability-best-practices/backend/README.md

---
description: >-

>   Here you can find the Sustainability Best Practices with focus on back end  techniques listed by the Umbraco

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Here you can find the Sustainability Best Practices with focus on backend  techniques listed by the Umbraco
```

  Sustainability Community Team.
---

# Best Practice Goals for Backend Developers

> For a summary of subjects and areas to look at 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below you can find a summary of subjects and areas to look into:
```
